WILL:
I don't have time.
I don't have time to worry
about how it happened.
It is what it is.
We're genetically engineered
to stop aging at 25.
The trouble is,
we live only one more year
unless we can
get more time.
Time is now the currency.
We earn it
and spend it.
The rich can
live forever.
And the rest of us?
I just want to wake up
with more time on my hand
than hours in the day.
Hey, Mom.
You got in late
last night.
I put in some
overtime.
Where'd it go?
On you.
They drink it in New Greenwich.
Happy 50th!
Fifty?
That's right.
Twenty-five for
the 25th time.
Oh, I was sure I'd have
a grandchild by now.
Here we go.
Bela's daughter is always
asking about you.
Who has time for a girlfriend?
Besides, what's the hurry?
What do you got?
Three days.
Not even.
We owe half that in rent.
Eight for the electric and
we're still late on that loan.
I can make extra on
the side, you know.
I could...
What, start fighting?
Nobody wins.
Yeah.
(SIGHS)
Remember,
I'm not here tonight.
I got two days' work
in the garment district.
I know.
Meet me at the bus stop
tomorrow.
After I pay off the loan,
I won't have long.
I'll be there.
Will...
I just wouldn't know
what to do if I lost you.
I'm late.
Let me give you
30 minutes so you can
have a decent lunch.
I love you.
Happy birthday, Mom.
When you get back,
we're going to celebrate.
GIRL: Will!
Will! You got a minute?
What are you
talking about, Mya?
You have a whole year.
Not a year
I can use yet.
Come on, Will.
I've got bills to pay.
Here, take five minutes.
Get out of here.
Four minutes for
a cup of coffee?
Yesterday, it was three.
You want coffee or
you want to reminisce?
Two coffees.
How many shifts
you got today, Borel?
Just the two.
Really excited about it.
If you had
any of your father in you,
we could make a fortune.
I don't fight.
There's another one.
Broad daylight.
Whoa, what is this?
Where's the rest?
Never met the quota.
My units are up
from last week.
So's the quota. Next.
That's a joke, right?
Next.
MAN: Move it.
You're taking forever.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING
IN THE BAR)
You in, Will?
I don't have time
to gamble anymore.
Oh, thank God.
Because ever since
you stopped playing,
I started winning.
You still owe me
an hour.
You seen Borel?
Will!
Hey, man.
Your wife's
looking for you.
You're not gonna
believe it.
This madman's been
buying drinks all night.
He's got a century!
Come on, let me
get you home.
Soon as
I finish this drink.
Hey! You!
You!
More everything!
Do you want to come
home with me?
You can take us
both home.
Excuse me.
You need to
get out of here.
Somebody's gonna
clean that clock.
Yes!
I mean, they aren't going
to rob you.
They are going to kill you.
They can't take
that much time
and let you live
to tell about it.
Yes.
I don't think you understand.
You should not be here!
(MUSIC STOPS)
BOREL: Will. Will!
Minutemen!
Walk away, Will.
Those gangsters aren't
playing around.
Wait, wait.
He's asking for it.
Let's go.
He's not one of us.
You think he'd help us?
Don't worry. I won't
do anything stupid.
Go.
The name's Fortis.
And that, sir,
is a very nice watch.
Do you mind if I try it on?
I think it would suit me.
FORTIS: I'll tell you what.
I'll fight you for it.
Come on.
I'm an old man.
Turned 75 last week.
I need a moment.
(VOMITING)
You ready to go?
Ready to go.
Let's get you
out of here.
Get him!
Stop. What are you doing?
I can take care of myself.
Yeah, it looked like it.
I know what I'm doing.
Run. Run!
(ENGINE REVVING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
Come on!
Here!
Hurry!
WILL:
Move!
Where the hell
are you going?
Get in here!
(KICKING DOOR)
I know who took him.
I know who he is.
Who he was.
(BOTH PANTING)
(SIGHS)
Damn it, damn it.
(CHUCKLES)
What the hell
are you doing here?
Flashing all that?
You out of your mind?
Henry Hamilton.
Will Salas.
Ugh. (COUGHS)
God.
Drink more,
it gets better.
(EXCLAIMS)
Not much better.
You'll be safe
till morning.
I'll get you
out of here.
You're from New Greenwich.
Does it show?
Nah.
Looks like you could use
some help yourself.
No, thanks.
How old are you?
In real time?
Twenty-eight.
I'm 105.
Good for you.
You won't see 106,
you have too many
more nights like tonight.
You are right.
But the day comes
when you've had enough.
Your mind can be spent,
even if your body's not.
We want to die.
We need to.
That's your problem?
You've been alive too long?
You ever known
anyone who's died?
For a few to be immortal,
many must die.
What the hell is that
supposed to mean?
You really don't know,
do you?
Everyone can't live forever.
Where would we put them?
Why do you think
there are Time Zones?
taxes and prices go up
the same day
in the ghetto?
The cost of living keeps
rising to make sure
people keep dying.
How else could there be
men with a million years
while most live
day to day?
But the truth is
there's more than enough.
No one has to die
before their time.
If you had as much time
as I have on that clock,
what would you
do with it?
I'd stop watching it.
I can tell you one thing.
If I had all that time,
I sure as hell
wouldn't waste it.
(SIGHS)
Get some rest.
Don't worry. I won't
take it in the night.
And I won't take yours.
(EXHALES)
It does get better.
(COUCH SPRINGS CREAKING)
(GROANS)
(PANTING)
(BABY COOING)
Oh, hey, Will.
Hey, Greta.
Is Borel in?
Yeah. Borel?
Look at that.
A shame we gotta
wait 25 years.
We could use
that year right now.
Borel?
I'm here.
You'd better get her
inside, Greta.
Look at this.
Where did you get that?
The guy at the bar.
They were going
to kill him.
He gave it to me.
He timed himself out
before I could stop him.
No one gives
anybody 100 years.
He didn't just
give me this.
He gave me
the truth about it.
You can't let
anyone see that.
Hey.
You know that time
will get you killed.
How long have we
been friends?
What, 10 years?
Here.
A decade.
You've been
like a brother.
Where are you going?
Where this won't
look out of place.
I finally got the time
to take my mom
to New Greenwich.
Greta,
I'm going out!
COMPUTER VOICE:
Loan payment received,
two days. Thank you.
Dayton.
Two hours.
It's always been an hour.
Now it's two.
Price went up.
Since when?
Since today.
My son is meeting me.
He'll pay the difference.
I can't do that,
policy.
Please?
It's a two-hour walk.
I have an hour
and a half.
Then you'd better run.
Stop! Please stop!
Wait! Please!
Please, no!
Wait! No! Please!
(EXCLAIMS)
Mom?
Will!
Mom!
(GROANS)
No, no, no, no!
(CRYING)
No!
Mom, Mom, Mom!
(CRYING OUT)
MAN: Thirteen zeros.
Unlucky for all.
The last time anyone
saw him alive,
there was over a century
on that clock.
Around here,
they'd kill you
for a week.
What was he doing
in this Time Zone?
What I was thinking
was he might have
brought this on himself.
Interesting. How long
you been keeping time,
Jaeger?
Five years.
Let me know what you think
when you have been doing it
for 50.
It doesn't matter
why he came here.
What matters
are the hundred years
that came with him.
Gotta be a witness.
Trust me,
no one saw anything.
What would you
like us to do, sir?
What we always do.
Follow the time.
Hey, Ray. I'll give you
10 minutes for an hour.
When are you gonna get out
of the game, Leila?
You gotta be pushing 60.
Thanks for letting
everyone know.
Am I in the right place?
We don't normally make
pickups in this Zone.
I was lost.
COMPUTER VOICE:
Please deposit one month.
Please deposit
two months.
There are more of
these than I remember.
That was a year.
Welcome to New Greenwich.
What are you
really doing here?
I'm going to take them
for everything they've got.
I'm going to
make them pay.
Please, miss.
You can't be
too careful.
Are you sure?
What's a night here cost?
Two months for
a standard room.
Give me a suite.
Do you need help
with your bags?
No.
He's fast.
He's going
to have to be.
The camera doesn't
show us how the body
got into the river.
What do we really know?
(SIGHS)
What do we know?
We know that most thefts
in Dayton amount
to hours or days.
This was a century.
I don't see any more
in circulation.
He could have
capsuled the time.
You can't hide
a hundred years
in the ghetto.
They can sense when
a man has a month
more than he should.
The time left town.
(EXHALES)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
That'll be eight
and a half weeks.
Take a week for yourself.
Thanks.
You're not from
around here, are you?
You do everything
a little too fast.
Not everything.
What's that place
across the street?
The casino.
Can anybody go?
Not dressed like that.
Good luck.
Sir, you were right.
If you turn back the clocks
the day of Hamilton's death,
and look at
the time checks,
someone spent years
crossing four different
Time Zones from Dayton--
To New Greenwich.
The cameras picked up on
his suspicious behavior.
He's conscious of
the surveillance,
he doesn't have
a bodyguard,
and he runs.
But if he has time,
he doesn't need to run.
It's a hard habit
to break.
You're looking for a match?
His name is Will Salas.
You know him?
No.
I remember his father.
(GREETING GUESTS)
Good evening.
I assume my time is
as good as anyone's.
Indeed it is. However,
there is a voluntary donation
for non-members.
Most give a year.
What's your game?
Poker.
Right this way.
What's the limit?
There is none.
I don't believe
we've had the pleasure of
your company before, Mr...
Salas.
Will Salas.
Philippe Weis.
You must come
from time.
You could say
I'm gambling
my inheritance.
You don't have
a guard, Mr. Salas?
I assumed I was
amongst friends.
Bet you 50 years.
You must be young.
When you've been
25 for 85 years,
like I have,
knowing only a random
act of violence
can take your life,
you learn to appreciate
what you have.
And you seem to have
a lot to appreciate.
I call.
Of course, some think
what we have is unfair.
The time difference
between Zones.
I've heard that.
But isn't this just
the next logical step
in our evolution?
And hasn't evolution
always been unfair?
It's always been
survival of the fittest.
Raise you another
two centuries.
This is merely
Darwinian capitalism.
Natural selection.
Absolutely.
The strong survive.
And I think
your hand is weak.
I call.
It appears you're
all in, Mr. Salas.
Thirteen figures.
Well played.
That was some risk.
It wasn't a risk.
No offense. I knew
I was going to win.
(CHUCKLES)
Confusing times.
Is she my mother,
my sister
or my daughter?
You're hoping
she's not my wife.
Things used to
be simpler once.
So I'm told.
Very beautiful.
Daughter.
Though she does look
a lot like my wife.
Sylvia?
Will Salas.
Congratulations, Mr. Salas.
You've taken years
off my father's life.
Which is normally what you do.
Isn't that right, my darling?
We're having a party
tomorrow night.
Perhaps you'll give him
a chance to win back
some of those years.
I'd love to.
Carl will tell you
where I am.
Good night, Mr. Salas.
Sylvia, stay
with your guards.
Fifty-nine years.
Plus tax.
(SIGHS)
The price
includes delivery.
Delivery?
To wherever you're
going to display it.
Display it?
Hell, I'm going
to drive it.
(ENGINE ROARING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
Will Salas.
Allow me to introduce
my mother-in-law, Clara,
my wife, Michele,
and my daughter, Sylvia.
I believe you two
have already met.
Nice to meet you all.
PHILIPPE:
I'll come find you later
for our game.
I look forward to it.
Having fun,
Mr. Salas?
Please, call me Will.
It's okay, Constantin.
Do you always have
a hired hand standing
right next to you?
No. I usually have two.
That doesn't
make it very easy
to get to know you.
I think that's the idea.
Your idea?
My father's.
I understand.
You all have
a lot to lose.
So do you.
What do you do, Will?
I haven't quite
figured that out yet.
Yes, why bother?
What's the hurry?
Right. Why do today what
you can do in a century?
I know one thing we can do.
Dance with me.
(SLOW JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
Do you really
come from time?
Why would you doubt that?
I saw you run.
Reminds me of people
who come from the ghetto.
Sometimes I envy them.
You don't know anything.
Oh, no? The clock
is good for no one.
The poor die and
the rich don't live.
We can all live forever
as long as we
don't do anything foolish.
Doesn't that scare you?
That maybe you'll never
do anything foolish?
Or courageous
or anything
worth a damn?
Come with me.
This was tonight.
He's only an hour
ahead of us.
Look at that.
I've never seen
anything like it.
What are you doing?
We don't go in.
You're insane.
You have this
in your backyard.
You never go in.
And I'm insane?
Well? What are you
waiting for?
Sylvia, come on!
What happened to doing
something foolish?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I don't know you.
We could change that.
I get it.
You're out here,
all alone,
with a stranger.
You can't be
too careful.
Maybe you can.
Sylvia!
I have to go back.
To what?
You should go back.
Have you seen
my daughter?
I have.
She's with her guards.
Right behind you.
Thank God.
Now,
how about that game?
(DOOR OPENING)
(GUESTS GASPING)
It's all right, everyone.
What's this about?
I'm sorry to have to break
up the party, Mr. Weis.
I just need a word
with your friend.
My friend?
Very well.
(CLEARS THROAT)
I'm Timekeeper
Raymond Leon.
I'm Will Salas.
I know.
What are you doing
in this Zone?
It's not illegal, is it?
To change Time Zones?
No, it's not illegal.
It's just rare.
Where did you get that?
I won it.
Gambling.
All of it?
No.
A man named Henry Hamilton
gave me over a century.
He said he didn't
need it anymore.
He timed himself out.
Henry Hamilton was worth
thousands of years.
He could practically
live forever.
You expect me to believe
that he was immortal
and he wanted to die?
I don't expect you
to believe it.
But it's the truth.
It was a gift.
I'm not a thief.
But, hey, if you guys
are looking for stolen time,
maybe you should
arrest everyone here.
Oh, I see.
You're talking
about justice.
Well, I am a Timekeeper.
I don't concern myself
with "justice."
I only concern myself
with what I can measure.
Seconds, minutes, hours.
I keep time.
And that time is
in the wrong hands.
That time will be held,
along with you.
We'll leave you two hours
for booking and processing.
Why are you investigating
a suicide?
There's mass murder
in the ghetto every day.
That is fascinating.
Huh.
I heard another man
talk like that.
It was over 20 years ago.
You were probably too young
to remember your father.
We'll arrange
safe transport.
This is New Greenwich,
after all.
Sylvia? Do as I say
and go with the guards.
Oh, for God's sake, Father.
There's an army in this house.
If we can't stop one man
from killing us,
we should kill ourselves.
(GUESTS SCREAMING)
(SYLVIA PANTING)
Stop him!
Move! Get out
of the way!
(GRUNTS)
(CRIES OUT)
Put it down
or I'll blow her
head off.
Thanks.
(SIREN WAILING)
You're going to kill us!
Please just let me out!
(EXCLAIMS)
What are you doing?
Do you even know
how to drive?
What's there to know?
(EXCLAIMS)
Oh, shit.
(HORN HONKING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SIRENS WAILING)
Give me some time.
I guess you really are
from the ghetto, after all.
What the hell do you know
about where I'm from?
Give me some time.
Or you're gonna kill me,
like you killed
Henry Hamilton?
Lend me an hour.
I'm not giving you
a second.
I should have
listened to my father.
Please, take me home.
Please.
I can't do that.
Why?
You're keeping me alive.
Keep that covered.
Anybody sees it,
you're definitely dead.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
Now that worked too well.
You guys wasted
a gorgeous car.
Look who it is.
Who it was.
He's done in minutes.
He'll wake up dead.
That'll be a shock.
Too bad.
I would have preferred to
kill him more beautifully.
The girl's
still breathing.
She's got a decade.
Holy shit.
The man he stole from me
had more than a century.
What? We'll
divide it later.
It's like an angel
fell from the sky.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
Hey.
Fortis!
Leave it!
(EXHALES)
Look at me.
You okay?
No.
(CHUCKLING)
Why are you laughing?
We're not dead.
Yeah, we're not alive
for long, either.
Where did my time go?
I have a half hour!
Ah.
You're lucky.
Minutemen.
Does everyone in
the ghetto steal?
That's rich,
coming from you.
Please help me, Will.
Let me guess,
now you like
the idea of sharing.
Come here.
Hey, don't worry.
It's not the first time
I've been this broke.
Well, it's a first for me.
What are we going to do?
Whatever we have to.
Come on, we got to go.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
Dispatch, wire me
my per diem.
COMPUTER VOICE:
Time transfer.
Cutting it
close again, sir.
Well, I'm still
walking around.
Judging by the lack
of dead bodies,
I have to assume
they are also.
They got jacked.
They couldn't have left here
with more than minutes.
He's back in his
old neighborhood.
So, where do you want us
to start looking?
We don't.
He'll come to us.
(BOTH PANTING)
Borel?
Borel, open up.
It's Will.
Greta.
Where's Borel?
He's dead.
Dead? What?
You gave him a decade.
He drank himself to death
with nine years on his clock.
Jesus Christ.
Greta, I'm so sorry.
(BABY CRYING)
Goodbye, Will.
Will, we have minutes.
Try not to act like it.
What is that
supposed to mean?
Shut up!
We're going to die, Will!
Do you want to die?
Shut up!
I hope those
are real. Run.
Stop! Wait!
Please, wait!
MAN: Come back in an hour.
That won't be possible.
Here!
I'll give you
two days for them.
They're diamonds.
You can take the 48 hours,
or you can be a pretty corpse.
We'll take it.
(SIREN WAILING)
Don't make a sound.
Give me my time.
Let's go.
I guess I got my wish.
I did do something foolish.
Your name's on
a lot of buildings.
It's my father's name.
How much is he
worth, anyway?
Eons.
What do you think
he'd pay
to get you back?
You have
no shame, do you?
COMPUTER VOICE:
Please deposit
one minute.
Dial.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Hello.
Mr. Weis,
please give the phone
to the Timekeeper.
Hello, Will.
How much
do you want?
A thousand years.
(SCOFFS)
You'll never live
to spend it.
Then distribute it
to the Time Lines
in Dayton.
Do it by sunrise tomorrow
and she can go home.
Will...
I'm afraid for you, Will.
You keep talking like him,
you're going to die like him.
My father died in a fight,
trying to take a man's time.
Oh, no. His crime
wasn't taking time.
He was doing something
far more dangerous.
Please don't make
your father's mistake.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
Dayton. Pedre Plaza.
I know it.
A thousand years
to the Time Lines.
A thousand years.
It's nothing.
It's for our daughter.
No, it's for them.
This is insane.
They can take your time,
just like that.
Or you can take theirs.
This is insane.
Yeah, it's insane.
We should be safe
here until dawn.
I pay by the day.
It'll take them
a while to find me.
This is your place?
There's water. It's cold,
but it's something.
You can put on
fresh clothes.
(SIRENS WAILING)
Where's your family?
My mother timed out.
This is her dress.
Yeah.
What about your father?
He died when I was a boy.
He was a fighter.
Strong arm.
He wasn't the strongest,
but he knew how to win.
How do you win?
I'll show you.
What you do is let them
have the upper hand.
Then, he'd let his time
go all the way down.
Because he knew
that when you were
down to your last seconds
and they think it's over,
they start watching
your clock
and forget to
watch their own.
He died in a fight?
I think he was killed
for giving away what he won.
He wasn't just
giving them time.
He was giving them hope.
How long have you
been this old?
Twenty-five for three.
Twenty-five for two.
What was it like
when your clock started?
I was in the street.
It almost knocked me over.
My year was gone in a week,
we were so in debt.
After that,
I lived day to day.
Mine was
a little different.
It woke me.
(GASPS)
I looked in the mirror.
I guess everybody does.
That's what
you're gonna look like
for the rest of your life.
My dad gave me
a decade to celebrate.
You must hate me.
Where I come from.
It's nobody's fault,
what they're born with.
They open in a minute.
Let's see how generous
your father is now.
(ALL GROANING)
The Timekeepers would
have never let him do it.
You don't have
to say that.
How do you think my father
built all those buildings?
By giving away
a thousand years?
Now what?
You can go home.
There's people
on the streets.
I can move without
being spotted.
What have you got?
Eleven hours.
How does anyone
live like this?
You don't generally
sleep in.
You can call for help.
I'll watch from here,
I'll make sure you're safe.
You know,
you could fight this.
I can say that running
to the ghetto was my idea.
My father'd believe that,
he thinks I'm reckless.
He has a lot
of influence, Will.
He can get you a lawyer.
He can make a deal
with those Timekeepers.
I'm pretty sure
that Timekeeper
doesn't make deals.
What are you going to do?
Steal?
Is it stealing if
it's already stolen?
Here. Just in case.
I'll be right here.
COMPUTER VOICE:
Please deposit one minute.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
Father?
Sylvia?
You couldn't spare
a second, Father?
I wish I could say
I'm surprised.
Did you hear
what I just said?
You know I'd do
anything for you.
They're coming
to get you.
They know where you are.
Will, look out!
Sorry to disappoint you,
we don't keep much on us.
To discourage
thieves like you.
Think of this as a gift.
Will! Come on!
I didn't mean to shoot him.
I wanted to scare him.
I think you did both.
You could say thank you.
Thank you.
What have you got?
Nine hours.
Why did you give him time?
You should have taken it.
Timekeepers live
day to day.
It'll be hours before
the others show up.
He could die
in the ghetto.
He still might.
Timekeeper,
what's the hurry?
Stay a while.
You might like us
if you got to know us!
(ALL JEERING)
They're going to
think you're with me.
Yes.
This is a mess.
Welcome to my world.
Back off!
You've been shot.
I was worried you timed out.
Where'd you get that?
What are we going to do?
We can't keep driving
around in this car.
It's a cop car.
So let's make an arrest.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(SIREN WAILING)
Was I going too fast?
Not fast enough.
The mistake you made
was stopping.
Now, let's see who
you got back there.
Got to be a year or
two nobody's using.
Whoa!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
It went off.
I was just trying to help.
Come on.
Now, I'd say, "Your money
or your life," but since
your money is your life...
How dare you
steal from me?
Don't think of it
as stealing.
No?
Think of it
as repossession.
I'll leave you with
what I've had most
every day of my life.
One day.
One day?
Are you insane?
You can do
a lot in a day.
Those are pretty.
I owe you these.
You shouldn't have.
You, out.
FEMALE ANCHOR:
Will Salas, prime suspect in
the murder of Henry Hamilton,
is believed
to be traveling
with Sylvia Weis,
daughter of
finance magnate,
Philippe Weis.
Citizens are advised
to exercise extreme...
(TURNS OFF TV)
We look cute together.
It doesn't say
you're wanted.
It doesn't say I'm not.
You've forgotten
I shot a cop.
I admit,
not very well.
(CHUCKLES)
It was your first time.
Hey.
I can say I made
you do all of it.
You can go back.
Go back to what?
Do I really want to spend
my whole life trying
not to die by mistake?
A lot of people would say
being here is a mistake.
I don't have a choice.
I'm starting to think
that I don't, either.
I want to reassure you all
there is no cause for alarm.
No ransom was paid.
MAN:
Your Zone
is at risk, Philippe.
WOMAN:
It puts us at risk.
It can spread.
Too much time
in the wrong hands
can crash the market.
This hostage situation
will be quickly resolved.
GUARD: Sir.
Everything
is under control.
We'll talk soon.
Timekeeper. After this
regrettable incident,
it's really not necessary
for you to come in person.
I'm afraid
it really is
necessary.
When can we hope
for a rescue?
I believe that's the point.
She doesn't appear
to want to be rescued.
Mr. Leon.
Raymond. May I
call you Raymond?
I blame myself.
I invited the man
into my home.
He had so much time,
how was I supposed
to know?
Of course, Sylvia
brought this on herself
by her lack of vigilance.
That's why I always
tried to keep her close.
But she is clearly
under Will Salas' control.
If it's a matter
of resources,
I'm happy to make
a contribution.
It's a scandal,
what we pay
our Timekeepers.
I've issued a warrant
for your daughter's arrest.
If she contacts you
and you assist her
in any way,
I will issue a warrant
for your arrest.
(EXHALES)
There is nothing
I cannot buy.
Now
how many of my years
do you want?
There aren't enough years,
even in your lifetime,
Mr. Weis. Good night.
This is called a trigger.
And you don't pull it until
you actually want
to shoot something.
(EXHALES)
I wanted to
shoot something.
Right.
Will, if you get
a lot of time,
are you really gonna
give it away?
I've only ever had a day.
How much do you need?
How can you live
with yourself
watching people die
right next to you?
You don't watch.
You close your eyes.
I can help you get
all the time you want.
I need to borrow a month.
What's the interest?
Today's rate, 30%.
I can't pay it back.
We can always come
to some arrangement.
(HORN HONKING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(ALARM RINGING)
Let's go.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I am happy to announce
that Weis Timelenders
is now offering interest-free
loans with no payments.
Ever.
So help yourselves
and take a day.
Take a month. Hell,
take a year.
Come on.
Help yourselves!
Take it.
Take the time.
It's free.
(ALL CLAMORING)
(SIREN WAILS)
No one's watching
their clocks, huh?
Get out of here,
or I'll confiscate
every second!
Must've thought it was
a drive-through.
Turn around.
Don't move.
I don't have much.
Everything I have,
I give away.
I know.
Yes, sir, I do
know that, sir.
There are years that
shouldn't be there.
I will stop him, sir.
Doesn't he understand
he's hurting
the very people
he's trying to help?
Well, now.
Look at all that.
Yeah.
I finally had time
to buy one of these.
Let's not do anything
I might regret.
(CAR DOORS CLOSING)
(GUNSHOT)
(PANTING)
What was that about?
I wasted 30 days.
FEMALE ANCHOR:
Today, Sylvia Weis withdrew
some of her "inheritance"
when she and Will Salas
robbed her father's time bank
for the sixth time
in a week.
I give her everything.
Does she want to kill me?
You were killing her,
Philippe.
You were suffocating her.
You suffocate us all.
Call.
That's good.
Just not
as good as that.
Ooh!
You haven't forgotten
how to play cards.
Why did I play
strip poker with you?
Why did you?
Sir.
They're still there.
How did you know, sir?
This is where the hours
and the days are.
He's paid them all off.
This is where
I would hide.
(POLICE RADIO CHATTERING)
(CAR DOOR OPENING)
Put your clothes on.
KORS: Stop!
(SCREAMS)
We're trapped!
No, we're not!
Jump. They won't do it.
We shouldn't do it.
Come on!
See? They won't jump.
So much for your theory.
Shit!
Here!
Go!
Stop! Stop!
I'm telling you,
he'll give up
before we do!
You sure about that?
No.
Go.
I can't.
You can! Go!
Un-fucking-believable!
Hold on.
You two look familiar.
How about now?
(BOTH PANTING)
Welcome to the Century.
Hi. We're looking for
a quiet place to stay.
How many rooms?
All of them.
We were hoping for
something long-term.
Can we rely on
the discretion
of your staff?
I'm sure you can.
I'm sorry.
We're fully booked.
Right.
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
Nobody goes anywhere!
Wait, whoa, whoa.
MAN: Don't look at me.
You know who
I'm looking for.
I'm looking for whoever
gave this man a month!
And I'm gonna clean
the clocks off of every one
of you in this hellhole
until someone
says something
I want to hear.
I can't hear anything.
Clean it.
No, wait, wait.
Wait. Please!
Please don't. Please.
I don't know
where they are!
Please.
Please!
(GROANS)
I believe you're next.
Um...
At last, someone's
acting reasonably.
I just want a share
of the reward.
My young friend.
You'll get your reward.
Ten years.
That's insulting.
(CHUCKLES)
If they catch us,
there's no way
they won't kill us,
is there?
Do you regret this?
You saved my life.
When?
Now.
And every day
since I met you.
You forget, I almost
got you killed
a few times, too.
I'm willing
to overlook that.
How's the poor
little rich girl?
I never got a chance to
properly thank you
for your time.
I'm not surprised
you stayed.
It's the life,
isn't it?
Here we don't stop living
until we're actually dead.
There are a lot more ways
to die around here.
But here,
there's dancing
before dying.
Of course,
it's your friend I'm most
happy to run into again.
You've been causing
a lot of trouble,
which is normally my job.
Don't you understand?
The reason the Timekeepers
leave me alone is
'cause I have boundaries.
I steal from
my own people.
You surely know
things are bad
when I have to restore order.
Fortunately for you,
I don't like to kill
a man in cold blood.
I do it,
but I prefer not to.
I think you deserve
a fighting chance.
We play to zero.
What's the point?
I lose, I die.
I win, they kill me.
If you don't fight,
I'll kill you now.
And her?
After I take you,
I'll take her.
Oh, yeah.
And her time.
Then I'll collect
my reward
for making everything
right in the world.
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
This way!
All the time he's taken.
Don't you mean the time
he's given away, sir?
Even to you?
I have given 50 years
of my life to this job.
I am not about to see
those years go to waste.
Go on.
I'm sorry to be the one
to break this to you,
but by tomorrow
you won't have time
to stand around.
God damn it.
It's over.
We lost. We're not
doing any good.
At least we're trying.
No. You don't understand.
All they have to do is keep
raising the cost of living.
A hundred years.
Two. A thousand.
It does nothing.
So, what?
We just stop fighting?
We can't win.
We can't hurt them.
The time we're taking
makes no damn difference!
What would?
What would hurt them?
A million years.
You got a million
years on you?
I guess it really would
take a million years.
Let's give up.
Stop!
I am Sylvia Weis.
I want to surrender,
but only to my father.
Sylvia.
Hello, Daddy.
Stay where you are!
You've hired more guards
since I last saw you.
Thanks to you,
I need them.
One too many.
Guns down.
Now!
Do it.
Let's go for a ride.
You'd steal from
your own father.
Is it stealing if
it's already stolen?
What's the combination?
Well, it's not
my birthday.
You've started to
regret that day,
I imagine, Father.
Try 12-2-18-09.
Darwin's birthday.
Survival of the fittest.
(SCOFFS)
It cost us centuries
just to bribe
our way in here.
Let's see
what it got us.
Quality time.
There really is a man
with a million years.
That's my first million.
It won't be my last.
You know how much
good it could do?
I know how much
harm it could do.
Try to understand,
even if you gave a year
to a million people,
you're just prolonging
their agony.
You're prolonging
their lives.
Flooding the wrong Zone
with a million years,
it could cripple the system.
Let's hope so.
We're not meant
to live like this.
to live forever.
Although I do wonder,
Father, if you've ever
lived a day in your life.
Is that so? You might upset
the balance for a generation.
Two.
But don't fool yourself.
In the end,
nothing will change.
Because everyone
wants to live forever.
They all think they have
a chance at immortality
even though
all the evidence
is against it.
They all think they will
be the exception.
But the truth is,
for a few
to be immortal,
many must die.
(COCKS GUN)
No one should be immortal
if even one person
has to die.
(ALARM RINGING)
What was that?
What just happened?
It must be a mistake.
A million years just went off
the clock in New Greenwich.
It's not a mistake.
It's gotta be
a mistake, sir.
It's not a mistake.
It's them.
Take a month, Maurice.
Dispatch,
what can you see?
DISPATCHER:
There's a lot of traffic
in the vicinity, sir.
All right,
look for the slowest car.
You have a million years.
You are definitely
not in a hurry.
If this works...
If this works,
we gotta get more.
Dayton's not the only
zone that can use
a few extra years.
And wire me
my per diem.
Wait. Never mind.
I have him.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
Give the order,
shoot on sight.
In New Greenwich?
That's against policy, sir.
So is having
a million years
leave the Zone.
That time cannot
leave the Zone!
Shoot on sight!
(GUNFIRE)
COMPUTER VOICE:
Please deposit one month.
Keep going!
We're close!
We're okay! We're okay!
(GROANING)
You're late.
Need a minute?
Go. Go.
Where's our capsule?
Too late.
Lost a lot of time,
Mr. Leon.
Looks like you're
about out yourself.
WOMAN: Time!
MAN: There's time!
Move!
(CROWD CLAMORING)
You, get out!
Get out!
(BOTH PANTING)
We gotta get
to Livingston.
We can make it.
Can we?
You okay?
Stop!
(PANTING)
You can run.
So can you.
You're from here,
aren't you?
Long time ago.
Yeah.
I worked out
how to escape.
And now you make sure
no one else does.
That's the way
it has to be.
I didn't start the clock.
I can't turn it back.
I keep it running.
I keep time.
"I keep time."
I'm gonna need some
of that time
you borrowed from me.
Unless you want us to die
on the way to our execution.
Time.
(GROANS)
We don't have enough.
One of us can make it.
Take mine.
You take mine.
You can get there, I can't!
I can't get there. You can.
No. No.
Yes!
Please.
No.
There's time.
What?
The Keeper's time.
Run. Run!
Run!
(PANTING)
I need time.
COMPUTER VOICE:
Time transfer.
(BEEPS)
What have we got?
A day.
Could do a lot in a day.
(SCREEN BEEPING)
Sir, do something.
It's already done.
FEMALE ANCHOR:
These are
live pictures from Dayton.
Citizens have taken
to the streets.
There's so much stolen
time in circulation.
Factories in Dayton lie idle.
And now, citizens
are crossing Zones,
seen here entering
New Greenwich.
While authorities claim
they have the situation
under control, others fear
the system may be
headed for collapse.
We will continue to update you
on this developing story.
Sir, we lost Zone Eight.
And Ten.
It's spreading.
What do we do, sir?
Go home.
MALE ANCHOR:
Still no sign of fugitives
Will Salas and Sylvia Weis.
Authorities continue to ask
for the public's help
in bringing these
criminals to justice.
(TURNS OFF TV)
Told you there were
bigger banks.
You almost missed
your calling.